1). different types of hackers ?

-> White Hat Hackers:: White hat hackers are types of hackers who’re professionals with expertise in cybersecurity. 
                       They are authorized or certified to hack the systems.
                       These White Hat Hackers work for governments or organizations by getting into the system

-> Black Hat Hackers:: Black hat hackers are also knowledgeable computer experts but with the wrong intention.
                       They attack other systems to get access to systems where they do not have authorized entry.
                       On gaining entry they might steal the data or destroy the system. 

-> Gray Hat Hackers:: The intention behind the hacking is considered while categorizing the hacker. 
                      The Gray hat hacker falls in between the black hat hackers and white hat hackers. 
                      They are not certified, hackers. These types of hackers work with either good or bad intentions. 

-> Script Kiddies:: It is a known fact that half knowledge is always dangerous. The Script Kiddies are amateurs types of hackers in the field of hacking. 
                    They try to hack the system with scripts from other fellow hackers. They try to hack the systems, networks, or websites.

-> Green Hat Hackers:: Green hat hackers are types of hackers who’re learning the ropes of hacking.
                       They are slightly different from the Script Kiddies due to their intention. 
                       The intent is to strive and learn to become full-fledged hackers. They are looking for opportunities to learn from experienced hackers.

-> Blue Hat Hackers:: Blue Hat Hackers are types of hackers who’re similar to Script Kiddies. 
                      The intent to learn is missing. They use hacking as a weapon to gain popularity among their fellow beings. 
                      They use hacking to settle scores with their adversaries. 
                      Blue Hat Hackers are dangerous due to the intent behind the hacking rather than their knowledge.

-> Red Hat Hackers:: Red Hat Hackers are synonymous with Eagle-Eyed Hackers. 
                     They are the types of hackers who’re similar to white hackers. The red hat hackers intend to stop the attack of black hat hackers. 
                     The difference between red hat hackers and white hat hackers is in the process of hacking through intention remains the same.

-> State/Nation Sponsored Hackers:: Government appoints hackers to gain information about other countries. 
                                    These types of hackers are known as State/Nation sponsored hackers.They use their knowledge to gain confidential information from 
                                    other countries to be well prepared for any upcoming danger to their country.

-> Hacktivist:: These types of hackers intend to hack government websites. They pose themselves as activists, so known as a hacktivist.
                Hacktivist can be an individual or a bunch of nameless hackers whose intent is to gain access to government websites and networks. 
                The data gained from government files accessed are used for personal political or social gain.

-> Malicious insider or Whistleblower:: These types of hackers include individuals working in an organization who can expose confidential information. 
                                        The intent behind the exposure might be a personal grudge with the organization or the individual
                                        might have come across the illegal activities within the organization.





2). different types of attacks ?
-> Malware:: Malware is a term used to describe malicious software, including spyware, ransomware, viruses, and worms. 
             Malware breaches a network through a vulnerability, typically when a user clicks a dangerous link or email attachment 
             that then installs risky software. Once inside the system, malware can do the following:

             > Blocks access to key components of the network (ransomware)
             > Installs malware or additional harmful software
             > Covertly obtains information by transmitting data from the hard drive (spyware)
             > Disrupts certain components and renders the system inoperable

-> Phishing:: Phishing is the practice of sending fraudulent communications that appear to come from a reputable source, usually through email. 
              The goal is to steal sensitive data like credit card and login information or to install malware on the victim’s machine. 
              Phishing is an increasingly common cyberthreat.

-> Man-in-the-middle attack:: Man-in-the-middle (MitM) attacks, also known as eavesdropping attacks,
occur when attackers insert themselves into a two-party transaction. Once the attackers interrupt the traffic, they can filter and steal data.
Two common points of entry for MitM attacks:
1. On unsecure public Wi-Fi, attackers can insert themselves between a visitor’s device and the network.
   Without knowing, the visitor passes all information through the attacker.
2. Once malware has breached a device, an attacker can install software to process all of the victim’s information. 

-> Denial-of-service attack:: A denial-of-service attack floods systems, servers, or networks with traffic to exhaust resources and bandwidth.
 As a result, the system is unable to fulfill legitimate requests.Attackers can also use multiple compromised devices to launch this attack.
 This is known as a distributed-denial-of-service (DDoS) attack.

-> SQL injection:: A Structured Query Language (SQL) injection occurs when an attacker inserts malicious code into a server that uses
 SQL and forces the server to reveal information it normally would not. An attacker could carry out a SQL injection simply
 by submitting malicious code into a vulnerable website search box.

-> Zero-day exploit:: 
A zero-day exploit hits after a network vulnerability is announced but before a patch or solution is implemented.
Attackers target the disclosed vulnerability during this window of time. 
Zero-day vulnerability threat detection requires constant awareness.

-> DNS Tunneling:: DNS tunneling utilizes the DNS protocol to communicate non-DNS traffic over port 53.
 It sends HTTP and other protocol traffic over DNS.There are various, legitimate reasons to utilize DNS tunneling. 
 there are also malicious reasons to use DNS Tunneling VPN services.




3). interfaces in java ?

-> An interface in Java is a blueprint of a class. It has static constants and abstract methods.
The interface in Java is a mechanism to achieve abstraction. There can be only abstract methods in the Java interface, not method body. 
It is used to achieve abstraction and multiple inheritance in Java.

 you can say that interfaces can have abstract methods and variables. It cannot have a method body.
 An interface is declared by using the interface keyword. It provides total abstraction;
 means all the methods in an interface are declared with the empty body, and all the fields are public, static and final by default. 
 A class that implements an interface must implement all the methods declared in the interface.
  
 a class extends another class, an interface extends another interface, but a class implements an interface.


4). use of lambda function in java ?

-> It provides a clear and concise way to represent one method interface using an expression. 
-> It is very useful in collection library. It helps to iterate, filter and extract data from collection.
-> The Lambda expression is used to provide the implementation of an interface which has functional interface.
-> It saves a lot of code. In case of lambda expression, we don't need to define the method again for providing the implementation.
-> we just write the implementation code. Java lambda expression is treated as a function, so compiler does not create .class file.
-> Lambda expression provides implementation of functional interface. An interface which has only one abstract method is called functional interface. 
-> Java provides an anotation @FunctionalInterface, which is used to declare an interface as functional interface.
-> To provide the implementation of Functional interface.
   Less coding.
Java lambda expression is consisted of three components.
1) Argument-list: It can be empty or non-empty as well.
2) Arrow-token: It is used to link arguments-list and body of expression.
3) Body: It contains expressions and statements for lambda expression.


5) #pragma in c ? 
The #pragma preprocessor directive is used to provide additional information to the compiler. 
The #pragma directive is used by the compiler to offer machine or operating-system feature.

Syntax:
#pragma token  
Different compilers can provide different usage of #pragma directive.

The turbo C++ compiler supports following #pragma directives.
#pragma argsused  
#pragma exit  
#pragma hdrfile  
#pragma hdrstop  
#pragma inline  
#pragma option  
#pragma saveregs  
#pragma startup  
#pragma warn  